README.md, before:

# iOS Build Action

This action build iOS project. (.xcodeproj, .xcworkspace)

And can export to ipa, so it can be continuously delivered to DeployGate and TestFlight.

self-hosted is also supported. If you use self-hosted, install Xcode.

## Inputs

### p12

You can add a single p12 key+cert file with `p12-base64 (p12-path)`, or if you have key and cert in separate files you can add them with `p12-key-base64 (p12-key-path)` and `p12-cer-base64 (p12-cer-path)`. One of the two options is required.

#### `p12-base64`

**Required if single file**: Base64 encoded p12 file (key + cert).

#### `p12-key-base64`

**Required if split key/cert**: Base64 encoded p12 key file.

#### `p12-cer-base64`

**Required if split key/cert**: Base64 encoded certificate for the p12 key.

#### `p12-path`

**Required if single file**: p12 path (key + cert).

#### `p12-key-path`

**Required if split key/cert**: p12 key path.

#### `p12-cer-path`

**Required if split key/cert**: Certificate path for the p12 key.

### mobileprovision

#### `mobileprovision-base64`

**Required**: Base64 encoded mobileprovision file. If you want to specify multiple files, you need to input in multiple lines and then use [`export-options`](#export-options) to specify the provisioning profile to use for each executable in your app.

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    mobileprovision-base64: |
      ${{ secrets.MY_MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
      ${{ secrets.YOUR_MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
```

Also note, when creating base64 encoded inputs, make sure they don't contain newlines, e.g.

    openssl base64 -in MyAppProvisioning.mobileprovision -A

#### `mobileprovision-path`

**Required**: mobileprovision path. If you want to specify multiple files, you need to input in multiple lines and then use [`export-options`](#export-options) to specify the provisioning profile to use for each executable in your app.

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    mobileprovision-path: |
      ios-build-1.mobileprovision
      ios-build-2.mobileprovision
```

### `project-path`

**Required**: .xcodeproj path.

### `code-signing-identity`

**Required**: For example, `"iOS Distribution"`.

### `team-id`

**Required**: Team id.

### `workspace-path`

.xcworkspace path. Default `""`.

### `export-method`

Choose `"app-store"`, `"ad-hoc"`, `"package"` `"enterprise"`, `"development"`, or `"developer-id"`. Default `"app-store"`.

### `configuration`

For example, `"Debug"`, `"Release"`. Default `"Release"`.

### `scheme`

For example, `"MyScheme"`.

### `certificate-password`

Certificate password. Default `""`.

### `output-path`

Output path of ipa. Default `"output.ipa"`.

### `update-targets`

Targets to be updated with mobileprovision, code signing identity, etc. Split on new lines. Default `""`. (default to all targets)

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    update-targets: |
      MyApp
      YourApp
```

### `disable-targets`

Deprecated, use [`update-targets`](#update-targets) instead.

These targets will not use automatic code signing and instead use the identity specified in other inputs. Input targets separated by `","`. For example, `"MyApp,YourApp"`. Default `""`. (default to all targets)

### `export-options`

Path to an export options plist. Default `""`.

### `cloned-source-packages-path`

Path for Swift Package Manager dependencies. Default `""`.

### `build-sdk`

The SDK that should be used for building the application. Default `""`. For example, `"iOS 11.1"`.

## Contributions Welcome!

If you have any other inputs you'd like to add, feel free to create PR.

Welcome your contributions!

## Example usage

### single p12

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    project-path: Unity-iPhone.xcodeproj
    p12-base64: ${{ secrets.P12_BASE64 }}
    mobileprovision-base64: ${{ secrets.MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
    code-signing-identity: ${{ secrets.CODE_SIGNING_IDENTITY }}
    team-id: ${{ secrets.TEAM_ID }}
    workspace-path: Unity-iPhone.xcworkspace # optional
```

### key and cert

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    project-path: Unity-iPhone.xcodeproj
    p12-key-base64: ${{ secrets.P12_KEY_BASE64 }}
    p12-cer-base64: ${{ secrets.P12_CER_BASE64 }}
    mobileprovision-base64: ${{ secrets.MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
    code-signing-identity: ${{ secrets.CODE_SIGNING_IDENTITY }}
    team-id: ${{ secrets.TEAM_ID }}
    workspace-path: Unity-iPhone.xcworkspace # optional
```

Commit message:

Support for build destination (Simulators)

README.md, after:

# iOS Build Action

This action build iOS project. (.xcodeproj, .xcworkspace)

And can export to ipa, so it can be continuously delivered to DeployGate and TestFlight.

self-hosted is also supported. If you use self-hosted, install Xcode.

## Inputs

### p12

You can add a single p12 key+cert file with `p12-base64 (p12-path)`, or if you have key and cert in separate files you can add them with `p12-key-base64 (p12-key-path)` and `p12-cer-base64 (p12-cer-path)`. One of the two options is required.

#### `p12-base64`

**Required if single file**: Base64 encoded p12 file (key + cert).

#### `p12-key-base64`

**Required if split key/cert**: Base64 encoded p12 key file.

#### `p12-cer-base64`

**Required if split key/cert**: Base64 encoded certificate for the p12 key.

#### `p12-path`

**Required if single file**: p12 path (key + cert).

#### `p12-key-path`

**Required if split key/cert**: p12 key path.

#### `p12-cer-path`

**Required if split key/cert**: Certificate path for the p12 key.

### mobileprovision

#### `mobileprovision-base64`

**Required**: Base64 encoded mobileprovision file. If you want to specify multiple files, you need to input in multiple lines and then use [`export-options`](#export-options) to specify the provisioning profile to use for each executable in your app.

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    mobileprovision-base64: |
      ${{ secrets.MY_MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
      ${{ secrets.YOUR_MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
```

Also note, when creating base64 encoded inputs, make sure they don't contain newlines, e.g.

    openssl base64 -in MyAppProvisioning.mobileprovision -A

#### `mobileprovision-path`

**Required**: mobileprovision path. If you want to specify multiple files, you need to input in multiple lines and then use [`export-options`](#export-options) to specify the provisioning profile to use for each executable in your app.

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    mobileprovision-path: |
      ios-build-1.mobileprovision
      ios-build-2.mobileprovision
```

### `project-path`

**Required**: .xcodeproj path.

### `code-signing-identity`

**Required**: For example, `"iOS Distribution"`.

### `team-id`

**Required**: Team id.

### `workspace-path`

.xcworkspace path. Default `""`.

### `export-method`

Choose `"app-store"`, `"ad-hoc"`, `"package"` `"enterprise"`, `"development"`, or `"developer-id"`. Default `"app-store"`.

### `configuration`

For example, `"Debug"`, `"Release"`. Default `"Release"`.

### `scheme`

For example, `"MyScheme"`.

### `certificate-password`

Certificate password. Default `""`.

### `output-path`

Output path of ipa. Default `"output.ipa"`.

### `update-targets`

Targets to be updated with mobileprovision, code signing identity, etc. Split on new lines. Default `""`. (default to all targets)

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    update-targets: |
      MyApp
      YourApp
```

### `disable-targets`

Deprecated, use [`update-targets`](#update-targets) instead.

These targets will not use automatic code signing and instead use the identity specified in other inputs. Input targets separated by `","`. For example, `"MyApp,YourApp"`. Default `""`. (default to all targets)

### `export-options`

Path to an export options plist. Default `""`.

### `cloned-source-packages-path`

Path for Swift Package Manager dependencies. Default `""`.

### `build-sdk`

The SDK that should be used for building the application. Default `""`. For example, `"iOS 11.1"`.

### `build-destination`

Use a custom destination for building the app. Default `""`. For example, `"generic/platform=iOS"`.

## Contributions Welcome!

If you have any other inputs you'd like to add, feel free to create PR.

Welcome your contributions!

## Example usage

### single p12

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    project-path: Unity-iPhone.xcodeproj
    p12-base64: ${{ secrets.P12_BASE64 }}
    mobileprovision-base64: ${{ secrets.MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
    code-signing-identity: ${{ secrets.CODE_SIGNING_IDENTITY }}
    team-id: ${{ secrets.TEAM_ID }}
    workspace-path: Unity-iPhone.xcworkspace # optional
```

### key and cert

```yaml
- uses: yukiarrr/ios-build-action@v1.4.0
  with:
    project-path: Unity-iPhone.xcodeproj
    p12-key-base64: ${{ secrets.P12_KEY_BASE64 }}
    p12-cer-base64: ${{ secrets.P12_CER_BASE64 }}
    mobileprovision-base64: ${{ secrets.MOBILEPROVISION_BASE64 }}
    code-signing-identity: ${{ secrets.CODE_SIGNING_IDENTITY }}
    team-id: ${{ secrets.TEAM_ID }}
    workspace-path: Unity-iPhone.xcworkspace # optional
```
